Difference between reset and revert commands.
Ans:
Difference between git pull vs git fetch
Diff. git bash and git merge
What is cherry pick?
How to create new branch?
How to delete a branch?
How to resolve merge conflict?
What is git area?
Diff b/w git and svn.
What are the different stages in stash?
How undo changes in local repos?
Is it possible to push code from one local repo to another local repo?
What is branching strategy?
What is prod lifecycle and release lifecycle?
Benefits of git.
Can we keep remote repo in svn?
Is master in mandatory in git repo?
There are two repos in git and one in git. can we create a build?
How to merge using git?
Can we override dev branch to master branch?
How to remote checkins in  git?
What is Rebasing in Git?
What does git clone do?
What does the command git config do?
Can you explain head in terms of git and also tell the number of heads that can be present in a repository?
What is the functionality of git ls-tree?
What does git status command do?
. Define “Index”.
What has to be run to squash multiple commits (last N) into a single commit?
What does git add command do?
How would you recover a branch that has already pushed changes in the central repository but has been accidentally deleted from every team member’s local machines?
Can you tell something about git reflog?
What are the functionalities of git reset --mixed and git merge --abort?
How do you find a commit which broke something after a merge operation?
What are the factors involved in considering which command to choose among: git merge and git rebase?
Explain steps involved in removing a file from git index without removing from the local file system?
How to revert a bad commit which is already pushed?
What is best advisable step in cases of broken commit: Create an additional commit OR amend an existing commit?
What command helps us know the list of branches merged to master?
What is the difference between git stash apply vs git stash pop command?
What does git annotate command do?
What is a detached HEAD and what causes this and how to avoid this?
Explain the levels in git config and how can you configure values using them?
What has to be run to squash multiple commits (last N) into a single commit?
What is a .git Directory?
What happens if the .git directory gets deleted?
What is the use of git instaweb?
What is the use of Staging area or Indexing in Git?
What is the Git Stash drop?
What are Hooks in Git?

